what's up guys it's me Jeremy one of the
most common questions always see is
people asking what champions they should
pick up or learn in order to carry their
games and since my list has changed
completely is worth updating now when I
say that a champion is overpowered what
I really mean is that champion is really
strong throughout the entire game and
has amazing potential for carrying games
since i'll be doing one for each role i
broke it down into which champion is the
best for carrying in its respective role
starting with toppling i know jax might
be your original thought but i actually
believe lulu is the best top laner for
solo queue right now she has an amazing
match up and lane vs jax renekton
Siobhan and all those guys as well as
other commonly pick top laners too while
the fact that she oozes utility makes
her not only easy to carry with and make
a huge impact but also extremely easy to
get carried with if you feed in lane
unlike most top laners her damage is
very significant and her utility allows
you to outplay anyone late game yes even
Jax and she is strong throughout all
phases of the game and pretty much just
lacks any significant weaknesses and for
mid lane we have zigs with the kale
nerfs she's definitely still strong but
Diggs is overall damage zoning potential
while still having crowd control and
escape and low mana costs makes him an
incredibly strong champion you can stall
out games for such a long time with zigs
giving you tons of room to make it come
back while also being unstoppable
because of massive AOE damage if you're
ahead and get fed poke is simply just
such a strong mechanic I mean it's
basically free damage and zigs is by far
the number one poke champion right now
and it just creates so much pressure and
forces your opponents to react or
otherwise get poked down and eliminate
all of their potential to make a play
which a lot of players in soloq do not
have the coordination to do as a team so
all-in-all zigs makes such a huge impact
on the game overall
for jungle I believe that Jarvan is
actually one of the strongest right now
he doesn't suffer from the major jungle
weakness that a majority of junglers
have which is the lease in factor as
well as with the new spirit of the
ancient golem he gets really tanky while
still dealing tons of damage as well as
having massive AOE crowd control and
incredibly long ranged mobility it's so
easy to pull off ganks and dominate
teamfights while still being able to
escape to which is much easier to do
than on someone like Lee sin who is way
harder to play Adam to that that
jarvan's clear speed is pretty good and
you're left with a very powerful jungler
who is strong throughout all phases of
the game and on Jarvan you will have an
easy time making impacts in your games
for ad carry we have Caitlyn what the
item changes Kailyn is significantly
more powerful in that her overall dps is
increased since she can now go infinity
edge and do just fine and unlike most of
the champions who will benefit from
building infinity edge Caitlyn is very
strong in lane and a huge bully making
her laning phase two teamfight
transition really solid and she's pretty
easy to play too with great poke and
escape and even crowd control if you
guide propperly her overall dps is
matched by the safety of her kit making
her a very strong ad carry with few
weaknesses unlike most of the other
champions and lastly for support we have
Thresh Thresh has always been strong
with the Brom nerfs Thresh now takes
this top spot once again and although he
can be hard to play his overall
playmaking kiting and simply just carry
potential is far outmatched by any other
support and Thresh's kit allows you to
make up for a big portion of the stakes
your allies might make throughout solo
queue overall all of these champions
were mainly chosen due to their
incredible playmaking ability and their
ability to help carry games so easily
keep in mind that these champions were
just my personal top choices feel free
to discuss your choices in the comments
but at the end of the day these five
champions are simply what I believe is
the strongest for carrying games right
now my name is Jeremy and that's it for
my video on over power champions for
solo queue on patch for point 11 you
enjoyed this video feel free to check
out some of my others on the screen
right now or stay connected at
facebook.com/ such gaming curio
drop a like share this video and make
sure to subscribe for some more awesome
content in the future and as always
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys next time